Excludes generated source in language detection (#5)
philips-software/embeddedinfralib: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - Ignore external vendor packages in language analyse on github

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added

- Ignore external vendor packages in language analysis on github
```
